feat(serverless): headers reference (#6452)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/serverless-functions/concepts.mdx

JWT authentication is deprecated, you must [migrate your existing functions to IAM authentication](/serverless-functions/how-to/migrate-jwt-to-iam-authentication/).
</Message>

## Headers (request)

> Scaleway Serverless Functions automatically inject several HTTP headers into every incoming request. These headers provide metadata about the request, the client, and the routing path through the Scaleway infrastructure. Ready [header reference documentation](/serverless-functions/reference-content/request-headers/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scaleway Serverless Functions automatically inject several HTTP headers into every incoming request. These headers provide metadata about the request, the client, and the routing path through the Scaleway infrastructure. For more information, see the [header reference documentation](/serverless-functions/reference-content/request-headers/).
```
